In Japan, we noticed
that we weren’t really reaching
the younger generation in our field ministry.
However, Tokyo
is a place where many come
for work and to go to school.
So the Japan branch planned
a special preaching campaign
for the Tokyo city area.
More than 26,000 publishers
applied for this campaign.
This was a nice surprise.
The publishers
were given personal territories
so they could be flexible
in deciding when it would be
most effective to reach people.
I realized that city people were out
and about in the evenings,
so I decided to try
to start witnessing at 7:00 p.m.
We reached people living
in high-security apartment buildings
through informal witnessing,
and some even accepted Bible studies.
We were amazed when we learned
that 2,389 Bible studies
had been started in just four weeks!
Thanks to this campaign,
I now know that there are still many here
in my territory
who would agree to a Bible study.
It was wonderful!
You could see Jehovah’s rich blessing
on the brothers and sisters
who stepped out of their comfort zones
to try to meet as many as they could.